We're live.
Thank you for joining us tonight, y'all.
And I say good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Is it working?
Yep.
All right.
Well, thank you for joining me tonight, y'all.
I'm excited to be here.
I have some things on my heart.
I've been praying around our city and praying over this week, and President Trump going to Anchorage and praying over Anchorage.
So, these are the things the Lord is showing me as I pray.
And so, I have to start out by saying this: This is not financial advice at all.
I'm just telling you what I see when I pray.
And then so you can take what you want to and you pray about it, you know, and whatever the Lord shows you is fine.
But I'm telling you, Brandon Biggs is not a financial adviser at any point about anything ever, ever.
I want you to always take everything I say to God in prayer.
So, I have to say that because there's so many people that need to know that Brandon Biggs is not a financial adviser.
Okay.
So, this is what I saw when I was praying and the Lord showed me some things about crypto, and he showed me about the new industrial revolution that's taking place.
And he said, "This is a very important week.
" We're praying into this week as we saw when I told you all about Judge Torres and all the things about that.
He went through the back door and how they came to an agreement and they said everything is going to be dropped, right?
And we're just going to go about our business.
Well, the Lord has had me praying over what's coming next and what's coming next in the spirit of what I'm seeing.
And so, I'll just say it like this: I saw a tulip coming up out of the ground, and the ground was just breaking.
It was all broken at the top, and I could see this seed trying to come up.
This plant trying to come up through the soil.
It was barely coming up.
And as it was coming up, it started to grow.
And I knew it looked like a tulip plant, but it came up in the spirit when I was praying over it.
And it came up, and all of a sudden, it had no bud on it, but it was just the beginning phases.
What we're seeing—just what we're about to see—is the beginning phases of what the Lord said.
I told you a new industrial revolution is taking place.
And all of a sudden, I was taken back to the '80s.
And I could see cassette tapes, like old cassette tapes.
I could see the cassette tapes.
I could see '80s clothes.
I could see Ronald Reagan.
And all of a sudden, I saw Trump become like a Ronald Reagan and a tree stump.
He looked like a tree stump.
And this is all types and shadows of things, folks.
So, just bear with me, I'm just telling you.
I'm taking you on a journey of what I've seen, what I'm praying.
And all of a sudden, this tree stump got blown over and it was in the middle of a road.
And he became a massive oak tree, like a tree stump, and he fell into this road.
And the antichrist system, all the beast system, was trying to get through this road, but he was one man, one tree stump that was in this road so that nobody else could go around him around the whole world.
And he was trying to block everything, but the Lord said, "You must pray for him.
You must pray for him.
" It's a delay, a delay for what I saw.
Remember I told you Satan was like a snake, and he was going all throughout the world trying to raise up the antichrist system and trying to bring forth the end as fast as he could because he didn't want the harvest of souls and the things that were taken.
And as I saw that slithering snake that he is going throughout the world trying to raise up war, trying to do all these things, I saw Trump as a tree stump in the middle of the road.
And he had a plan, but he was being used by God.
And most people go, "I'm not trying to be political.
" I'm just telling you what I saw.
And I saw him being like a Ronald Reagan.
And I saw the '80s cassette tape.
I saw the '80s clothes.
I could see '80s things.
And then all of a sudden, the Lord showed me this tulip.
And I saw the tulip coming up out of the ground.
And as this tulip came up out of the ground, a circle surrounded it.
It looked like a ring of light—a ring of light that was thick, but it was cloudy.
It looked like a cloud, but it was a ring, a complete ring.
And inside of it, it looked like the internet.
This is the only way I could say it, if you could picture the internet.
All these different pictures of—I could see thumbnails.
There are thumbnails of YouTube channels, thumbnails of...
what?
YouTube videos?
No, no, no, not YouTube videos.
What are they called when their seconds play whenever you stop and it plays for just a second?
Autoplay.
Okay.
This is like they were all on autoplay, okay, all these videos.
And they were inside of this cloud that was above this tulip, and I could see lots of faces, like when you scroll through the feed to see what videos you want to watch for the night.
When you stop on them for a second, they would autoplay.
All of them do.
Well, all of these videos were all coming at me so quickly inside of this thing that was around this tulip, this new blade of growth.
So, the tulip represents new growth.
Something is about to bud.
Something is about to come forth, okay?
It is coming forth out of the earth.
And as it sprung forth out of the earth, it had this ring around it.
But it was all about X, the platform X, TikTok, all social media all together, Facebook, all of it.
And it was all inside of this ring around this tulip.
And there were all these different pictures and videos all coming.
And all of a sudden, I saw Brad Garlinghouse's face.
He was smiling like a Cheshire Cat.
He was smiling, and he was looking at the blade of growth of what's about to take place.
And it was all about social media.
Garlinghouse.
I also, I don't know why I call him Greenhouse, but he's not green.
Garlinghouse, but his face—that man is the head of Ripple—smiling like a Cheshire Cat, smiling big, excited about something.
I don't know what it is, but this is what I saw.
And as I saw it, it was going, and I saw the first phase of something that's about to break forth.
Major plans.
I saw meetings, major meetings after this thing was lifted with this agreement with the SEC.
I saw the SEC and them, and the agreement was done.
But then the next phase, it was like it went to another thing, and I saw it was '80s.
And the Lord said, "Do you remember what happened with Bill Gates with Microsoft and with Apple and the boom of the tech boom—Steve Jobs—the tech boom of the '80s going into the '90s with the internet and the computer era?
This new industrial revolution is at your doorstep.
" And I saw this with tech.
But I saw it was something connected with X, with Elon, something with Facebook, something with all of it, all of them.
But it was about videos, something about videos.
And I could see it.
I could see YouTube symbols.
I could see it all in this.
It looked alive above this plant, this new spring of growth coming up out of the ground.
And there was a plant there, but I could see a new growth, new things happening.
And I could hear it.
And the Lord said, "This is the beginning phases.
" And then he took me to—this was very touching what I saw next—the hearts of the people.
He talked about the hearts of the people and the believers of the 1%.
And you know, I've told you about the 1% for the wealth transfer.
And he's talked to me about what's coming with his bride and with his people raising up believers with financial backbone to be able to support the kingdom of God in the days ahead.
But he showed me people that feel like they're entitled.
I saw this, and this is interesting because this is just how my relationship is with the Lord.
I just am allowing you to come in on it.
I'm telling you what he shows me.
This is private for me, but I'm just really real with y'all.
I saw Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
And if you remember the girl that was demanding, 'I want a pony, daddy!
I want a pony!
I want the chocolate!
' and she was so demanding about everything she wanted because she was entitled and she was a rich kid.
But then you had Charlie, who was just pure-hearted, who just wanted to give whatever he had away to anybody else.
And he took the little gobstopper and he put it in his pocket and he didn't even taste it.
But at the end, he gave it back to Willy Wonka, but his heart was pure in the movie.
But the little girl had an attitude of, 'It's all owed to me.
This is mine.
I want my pony, daddy!
' And that's what the Lord kept showing me.
And this sounds really weird, I'm sure, to some folks, but this is the way he's painted the picture to me.
And I saw people at church putting their offering of something that was $10 or $5 or whatever, but they weren't consistent tithers.
They weren't consistent givers, but they thought that they could give tips to God.
And I saw the white plastic bucket going down the aisle, similar to what I told you about the sacrificial gifts.
And he told me, he said, 'Do you see the heart?
They prove that they're not giving out of sacrifice.
' Like David said, 'I didn't give anything to God that didn't cost me anything.
' Everything, when David wanted to give an offering or something of worship to the Father, it meant something.
It was a gut punch, like, 'Ah, I did this and it was hard, but I did it because I love him.
' But there were a lot of tippers, and they were giving the money into the buckets and they thought, 'That qualifies me for the wealth transfer, that qualifies me,' but it wasn't above the tithe.
It wasn't above anything.
'Well, we don't even believe in tithing.
God's not required us to give and tithe anymore.
' So their attitude was, 'I'll give five bucks, but that automatically qualifies me to have the secret things.
' And he said, 'Look at the heart.
They're like the little girl: I want my pony, daddy!
I want my new house, daddy!
' The way you're treating God.
But then I saw the pure ones.
The seeds of sacrifice that people give like the widow's mite that she gave everything she had, and it cost her something.
The seeds of sacrifice.
And they were seeds upon the ground.
I could see them.
And they were beautiful blue sapphire seeds.
Beautiful, gorgeous blue sapphire.
And they were all upon the ground as these seeds.
And the Father was looking at them because they cost something, and it comes from the heart.
It was something beautiful.
And he took his massive hand and he scooped those seeds up and he brought them to his chest as worship.
He scooped every seed up and he brought it, and he put those seeds down inside of him.
And he said, 'These are pure worship to me, and they cost you something.
' And Brandon, these are the seeds that I'm looking for.
This is a heart of pure worship.
When you give something and you give it with all you have, and you know that this is everything, like, 'This cost me, it's painful to the point where it was gut-wrenching,' but you gave it out of just, 'I just want to love you, Daddy.
I just want to love you, Father.
' And I saw him grab those seeds, and he brought them to him, and they were a fragrance to him.
I could see this like aroma.
It was coming off of those seeds of sacrifice of praise and worship to him, that it was not just about tithe or necessity to have to give of, 'Well, you know, the preacher told me to, and I really don't want to, and my attitude really is not very good about this, but I'm doing it because it's been instructed to me from the pulpit and I want to help them a little bit.
' So you give whatever to satisfy the Lord, you know, 'Well, you know, I just want to be on your side.
' But there were some folks, some people, that just gave out of just pure, 'This is worship.
This is worship.
' And I saw him, like I said, he grabbed those seeds and he grabbed the whole thing and he brought it to him and he was loving on them.
And there was...
it was something I'll never forget that vision.
As I sit there, I saw how much he loves us.
I saw how much our Father really truly loves his kids.
It wasn't like, 'We love our kids, y'all, and we love our children when you go, man, I love our...
' but there was something so beautiful, the way he was looking at a sacrificial gift, that it came to him as a fragrance, and it was beautiful.
And he told me, he said, 'Brandon, this is what qualifies you.
A heart after me that gives this kind of seed is what qualifies you for the 1%, for the greater wealth.
' And he said, 'Many, when that blade comes...
' What the Lord was looking for right up out of that ground, I saw it, and it was becoming just the first stages of it.
He said, 'They'll get theirs and it'll scatter around.
' But he said, 'There's true, great wealth coming with this industrial revolution that if you stay close to me on my vine, I will show you the greater wealth and I will use you greatly because your heart is perfect toward me,' kind of like Charlie, just wanting to help folks.
It wasn't about giving you praise or giving you a big ego or about how much you gave or whatever.
It wasn't about it.
Because I even saw in this vision, I saw people in Africa that were giving quarters, and it wasn't like, 'Well, you know, I'm looking for the person who gives a million dollars.
That's the ones precious to me.
' That's not what the Lord was doing.
He was looking for a quarter.
It was a quarter, and I saw this child in Africa that was on a mud floor, a dirt foundation.
No, it was a hut, a grass-looking hut.
But they were taking up an offering at a church service.
And this little child in this vision took and gave what looked like a silver quarter.
I don't know what it was.
It was whatever currency they had, but it was everything that child had.
And they gave it out of just love.
And the Lord showed me that was what he was looking for.
It wasn't the amount.
It was the heart.
He was looking for the heart.
And in these end times of what he's about to do of bringing...
He said, 'My people don't have an urgency, Brandon.
Everybody has an escape mentality right now.
They're wanting to leave.
They don't like the pressure.
Everything is the pressure of everything's coming down.
And they're like, 'Can you just get us out of here?
' But he said, 'Brandon, if I come back right now, all these people are going to hell.
' And I saw Asian people again, Asian men and women, teenagers.
I'm talking young folks that have never truly heard and had revival in Asia.
And there looked like a conveyor belt that was going down into a pit.
And he said, 'Do you see all those people?
They're all going to hell.
They've never heard.
' But there will become accuracy even more in the prophetic in the days ahead.
And I will bring forth a healing anointing that will touch the nations through certain individuals that will be yielded to my spirit.
I desire that not one should perish but all come to repentance.
But at first, it's going to take finances to get this done, because it costs money for all this stuff.
And he told me, he said, 'Brandon, I will use even the little quarters from the heart.
' I'm looking for the heart motive of why you do certain things.
Why my body does certain things in these last days?
Where's the urgency behind the pulpits?
Where's the urgency of my son's return?
" He said, "There is none.
A lot of them are all so stuck on themselves.
'Me, where's my pony, daddy?
'" He said, "It's time to lose sight of self in these last days.
You have a window.
" He said, "Do you see the log in the road that's blocking this?
Trump's doing this.
You need to pray for him in a meeting on the 15th.
I told you war is rice-paper thin concerning Zelensky, Putin, and all that's going on over there in Europe right now.
It's rice-paper thin, folks, to an escalation beyond anything we've ever seen in this generation.
If we do not pray tonight, if we do not intercede for hearts to change, we have an opportunity to see something we don't want to see, things that would be very catastrophic and scary to the natural.
Do you understand?
We don't want this.
We want peace.
We want a harvest.
But I know it says in the Bible that we will see these things: war and rumors of wars, plagues, pestilences, earthquakes, and diverse places.
We're going to see storms.
We're going to see this stuff.
But as the salt of the earth, as the church, that's our job: to pray and stand in the gap, to stand as the watchmen on the wall and intercede for the nations, to intercede for the nations like Abraham did when he was saying, 'I know Sodom and Gomorrah is about to get judged up in here.
But if I stand in the gap, will you save Lot?
Will you save the kids?
Will you save the family?
' And as he interceded, the Lord intervened and said, 'Yes, I'll send my angels to help him.
' They got him out of it.
But what I'm trying to say is we have the same belief.
He was underneath the old covenant.
We have a new covenant with Jesus's blood.
And I'm trying to tell you, we can stand in the gap.
We can be the watchmen and watchwomen on the wall praying for the nations, praying for this land, praying for America, praying for God to visit America one more time, praying for God to visit Africa one more time.
From sea to shining sea, one of the greatest harvests of souls this world has ever seen before is about to take place.
But he's calling all hands on deck.
And I saw why.
When the Bible says, 'The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few...
' Brandon, I saw it because there are so many people saying, 'I want my pony.
' Their eyes were so focused on the big house on the hill or the nice fancy car, or whatever.
And God doesn't care about you having those things if they don't have you.
But the problem is it was all they were focused on.
They weren't focused on the task at hand, being concerned about the souls.
I saw them on a conveyor belt, and they were all dying and going to hell.
And he said, 'Most of the Western mentality is what he said to me.
Most of the Western mentality, Brandon, is all about me.
All about me.
What about me?
They're all, "What's going on about me?
" Well, this is uncomfortable to me.
Oh, you know, I don't want to go to church tonight because it's not convenient for me.
I don't want to go to prayer because it's not convenient for me.
' Well, you know, and I'm not preaching to a lot of you that are watching this.
I know that you are hungry.
A lot of you are hungry.
But there are some of you that need to hear this.
And the Lord showed me.
He said, 'I'm about to do something that's never been done before on this earth, Brandon, but I'm looking for all hands on deck.
' And I saw people wanting to get off the ship.
They were trying to get out of, 'You know, we just want to go in the rapture in September.
On September 23rd, let's get out of here.
' But you're missing the point that there are literally millions of people going to die and go to hell if this happens.
He said, 'It's not about you.
It's about your brothers and sisters, the ones in the backfield.
Do you understand?
The sheep in the backfield.
' He's leaving the 99 and going after the one.
I talk about these meetings with Billy Burke and these people because I'm looking for authentic.
I'm looking for authentic.
I know there's a lot of you that are looking for authentic, who are just hungry for a move of God.
But I'm telling you, he said he's about to pour out his spirit in a way that we've never seen before, all for his glory.
He said, 'If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto me.
' Do you remember?
I said, 'Yes, Lord.
I listen to these scriptures.
I've listened to them all these years, and I just want to be at that place of where you are, above all this stuff.
' People go, 'Wow, well, who cares about the money, folks?
It takes...
I've worked for big churches.
It takes big money to get this stuff done.
' But he's looking for not tippers who just go and say, 'I'm plunking in there and I'm qualified,' with a spoiled brat attitude looking at it.
'What's about to happen?
' He said, 'Many of you will not hear what's coming next.
' They won't.
And I saw a window of opportunity for something major to happen in the days ahead.
But I give you bits and pieces to try to shake you out of your sleep, to warn you that the Father's watching.
He's watching every single one of us.
He's looking at our hearts' motives.
He's searching us.
And he knows us.
He knows the true from lip service to heart service.
Who is for me and who is really not?
Is it just lip service?
Is this something that is passionate?
Are you willing to die for the cause of Christ today?
Whatever he asks you to do, would you lay your life down for him as he did for you?
There's coming a point in time where persecution will come on the church like we've never seen before.
There's great shaking at our door.
But God said, 'I've given you a window of opportunity.
What will you do with it?
Don't squander this opportunity.
' Many people have buried their heads in the sand, and they go, 'Well, you know, Trump's got this.
Well, you know who's got this?
' And I see so much stuff trying to come against him, against his marriage, against his kids.
Remember I told you to watch JFK.
Remember this?
What happened with JFK?
It wasn't just about what happened to him.
It was what was going on in the White House.
Marilyn Monroe.
Sometimes I may say way too much, but I'm trying to warn you: you must pray for him.
You must pray for him.
It's not just about a Kennedy curse.
There's more things that are attached to this.
But he has a mission to do, to get the job done, because Jesus Christ is coming.
And God will use whoever he wants to.
'Well, I don't like his morals.
I don't like what he says.
' God will use whoever he wants to.
Stop trying to put him in a box.
'Well, God, you have to move in this little area.
' That's what I'm trying to tell you.
When I see these things, I'm trying to warn you all, and I give you these glimpses into the spirit of what's coming: to pray, earthquakes and these things, praying over this week on the 15th.
It's very important.
But there are meetings that are taking place in the shadows right now.
There are meetings that are taking place in the shadows right now, ladies and gentlemen, that are going to change everything forever.
And if you are at...
remember I said the Sooners?
Remember the Sooners?
Certain countries will be the Sooners.
And you said, 'What do the Sooners mean, Brandon?
' Look at the Oklahoma land run, the Sooners.
They were the ones that were ahead of things.
They were doing things before because they were the ones that got the land, and it was illegal.
I mean, I guess it was illegal, right?
These things took place.
But it's part of history that the Lord was showing me.
These are glimpses.
He calls them Sooners.
So, South Korea, Japan—he said, 'Sooners.
' Remember South Korea, Japan, watch these things.
So, I pray over this.
Five major pillars stuff, and he keeps giving me cues.
And just like I told you, the tulip coming up out of the ground—the flower is not even there yet, it's just barely peeking out of that dirt, and the dirt was being ruffled up.
He said, 'You're just at the beginning phases of something major.
' Five major pillars.
Remember that.
Five major pillars of what the Lord showed me.
Then I saw the black buildings, the black onyx buildings.
And there was certain buildings that represented crypto.
There was other buildings and they went down and it showed all these things.
And he showed them to me and he said, "Do you see this?
" So I do my best to try to point you in the direction to pray, not to rely on me to hear for you, but for you to pray.
And then you say, "Bren, you may be off.
" Well, okay, whatever.
I'm human, but I do my best to try to help folks.
I'm not saying I have everything always right all the time.
"Boy, you're spot on all the time, Bren.
" No, I just say, "Hey, listen.
I'm a work in progress just like you all.
" Well, I'm here to pray.
I want you to pray with me today.
So, that's why we come here.
We come here to pray.
We come to lift up the name of Jesus.
And we want you to know that he's coming and he's coming soon.
It's time to get your heart right with him because you're running out of time with all the pressure that we can feel.
You can feel it.
It's tangible.
Does anybody else—tell us in the comment section below—do you feel the change in the atmosphere as we get ready to go from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah?
You can feel change.
Something's about—it feels like you're on a powder keg.
Something major is about to happen as we get ready for this new—I believe Adam's lease.
I believe these things—something major is about to happen going into the fall.
And he said, remember when he said to us, he said when we were praying as a family a couple weeks ago, he said, "Watch the first freeze.
Watch the first freeze.
" When is your first freeze?
Pray over the first freeze.
September will be a month to remember.
He said, "Watch the sheep and the goat nations come before and who will stand and who won't when it comes to Israel.
" And I'm not saying I'm backing Bibi—well, you know I don't stand, and you get all upset about it.
I'm saying, listen, about what Bibi and Israel is—I stand with Israel period.
I stand with Jerusalem.
I stand with the people of Israel, not with an administration just like the Democrats or the Republicans here.
It's different all the time.
You don't know who you're getting.
But I stand with what it means in the spirit realm.
Does that make sense to you?
I hope so.
So, you stand and you pray for him.
You pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
You pray like he asked us to do.
Regardless if you agree with the administration or not, you pray.
This is what God told us to do.
But we intercede in this.
And I'm telling you, as you see a dividing line with the UN and things that happen in the days ahead, the sheep and the goat nations will be very, very prominent.
"Who's for me?
Who's not?
" And there'll be great earthquakes like you've never seen before in the days ahead.
Earthquakes that will be so big.
I'm talking major temples.
I saw shaking like you wouldn't believe.
Canada will be shaken.
India will be shaken.
China will be shaken.
Places in Europe will be shaken.
Earthquakes, volcanoes, things like you wouldn't believe.
I'm telling you folks.
But as it is in the spirit realm, he said this, "As it is in the spirit realm, Brandon, there's a shaking in the natural, there's a shaking in the spirit.
For a great harvest of souls is coming.
" And first, you're seeing in the spirit, you're seeing a shaking.
And you're seeing a shaking in the natural with all these earthquakes on the Ring of Fire.
There's pressure coming.
There's things coming with our weather.
Weather manipulation, AI stuff like you wouldn't believe.
I'm telling you, with this new industrial revolution, a new AI explosion like you wouldn't believe.
It's going to be—I was just young in the '80s, so there's a lot of you adults on here that knew the '80s, and there was a lot of change that took place in that decade going into the '90s.
A lot of change from the '70s and the '60s.
It just went choo choo choo.
I'll never forget when—"You've got mail.
" You know, you press the button, and you hear, "You've got mail.
" That's real big change.
I remember that.
People going, "What is that?
" "You've got mail.
You've got mail.
" And you go in there, you get so excited.
You've got AOL, and in there, you click on the button, you're excited to see who sent you something.
Change.
You go on the chat thing and who's talking to who and you go, "Wow, this is all so cool.
Something so new.
" And it dials up.
Instant messaging, you know, it takes forever.
And if somebody picks up the phone line and you don't have call waiting or whatever it was, and it drops the connection—"Get off the phone!
Hang it up!
I've got the internet going!
" Do you remember it?
So much change.
And then 9/11.
In a 24-hour period.
The Lord said, "Don't forget 9/11.
" And then 9/11 came, and it was one event.
Remember this.
It was one event that changed everything—how we fly, how we do everything in a matter of just minutes.
And it changed the way we do everything in just one event.
And there's another event.
The Lord said, "In a 24-hour period.
In a 24-hour period, Brandon, everything will change.
" Not saying it's a terrorist event.
I'm saying everything will change in a 24-hour period.
He keeps talking to me about this 24 hours.
I'm like, "What is this 24 hours?
" Everything that you've ever known, everything that you've ever done, it will change just like it was in 9/11.
How everything changed.
Everything will change again—another major event, another major change in the spirit realm.
But you'll never forget it.
You'll never forget it.
So, how many people we have with us?
4,600.
Okay.
Well, thank you all 4,600 people who are watching tonight.
Thank you for being here.
I really appreciate it.
I have such an urgency to warn you that Jesus Christ is coming.
But first, we have a revival.
We have work to do.
And people go, "Well, is he coming this year?
" But I believe he's coming, but I believe we have work to do.
As I saw the spiral of people going down in this vortex, being sucked down in Asia, and there were literally what looked like tens of thousands of people dying on a day-to-day basis going to hell, and he said, "We've got to get this generation.
" And I saw young people.
I was out and I was standing in my yard and I told you I was pulling weeds and he said, "I want a revival in the youth.
Brandon, this generation needs me.
" There's a lot of us, we've heard it as adults and we've become callous to things, but there's a generation that has not—like a lot of seeker-friendly.
A lot of seeker-friendly.
The Lord told me, "I want to become real.
A real tangible move of God in these last days.
A major, major move of God.
One last push, one last call for a major harvest of souls.
" He's wooing even the ones in the backfield right now.
And I'm telling you, I saw—what did you tell me?
You said there was some kind of event in—that had 30,000 people in it in the blue states.
It was in Seattle.
Seattle, I believe, or I think Oregon.
In Portland, they had a major—it was in Portland.
That's right.
Portland.
And who was it?
Kari Jobe or whoever.
Yeah, it was a Kari Jobe event.
The greater the blue state—they sang songs and so many people gave their hearts to Jesus that night.
And I thought, "Well, praise God.
That's what I'm talking about.
" He said, "The bluer the state—which is usually Democrat—the greater the blue state, Brandon, the greater the harvest.
" Don't look at it and go, "Well, they're blue, they're red.
" It doesn't matter about being liberal or conservative.
It's about Jesus and what he's about to do in these last days.
He's just looking for somebody who will say yes.
Will you say yes to him today?
Will you say, "Here am I, Lord.
Send me.
It's not my agenda.
Not what do I need?
I'm looking for fame.
I'm looking for fortune.
I want to be popular on social media.
I want a huge TikTok account.
Who cares?
" And we attract to deflect.
And it's about him being lifted up.
And that's about what he told me about the finances.
He said, "Brandon, I'll not share my glory with anybody.
If you really truly want to walk with me, you'll learn that the anointing attracts them to deflect them to me.
It's not about you.
" And that's why I wanted to tell you tonight, folks, if you just say yes to Jesus today, "Here am I, Lord," he'll start you out with something small.
Usually, if you can't witness to the person in the grocery store, how do you think you're going to witness to the 10,000 in a major auditorium?
"Well, Lord, I'll do it.
" But he said, "What about that lady right there?
" If you go, "How are you going to do it in front of 10,000?
Pray for that person.
" She's probably one in the backfields.
You might be her last opportunity to hear the gospel.
She could go home that night and die in her sleep, or whatever.
Who knows?
But you might be that last person who will come in contact with them.
I'm trying to spur you inside of you today to take it seriously, because I saw when I was driving.
I can tell you the exact street I was on when I was driving.
I remember the neighborhood whenever he spoke it so loudly about the churches and where we are right now.
I remember looking out the corner of my eye, and I remember what he said, and I stopped, and I told Diana, "I got to pull over.
" I said, "This is what the Lord is saying: There's not enough urgency in my church.
There's not enough urgency.
" That's what he said to me.
He said, "Brandon, I'm coming.
" But he said, "I want a major revival with my Asian people.
" And I saw all the Asian people all over China, all over Vietnam, all over all these areas.
And he said, "Do you see all of them?
You're running out of time.
" I said, "Yeah, I do.
" "Do you see all the people in Africa?
" I said, "Yeah.
" "South America?
" He said, "Just keep doing what you're doing.
Keep telling them I'm coming.
Keep warning them, Brandon.
Keep spurring them.
Keep telling them.
" And I yell as a watchman on the wall as loud as I can with my horn to tell you that Jesus Christ is coming, and you're running out of time.
All right, let's pray.
Let's take communion together tonight.
You want to take communion with me?
I just do this every time I go before him.
I take communion.
I never go into the throne room without taking communion first.
But I'm going to tell you, if you're here tonight and you're watching this right now and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, and you feel that itching on the inside of you, and you're like, "Man, this guy is freaking me out," it's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
There's many of you for whom this might be your last opportunity to accept Jesus Christ.
This might be your last opportunity to hear the word preached to you, to tell you that Jesus loves you and he died for you.
And you're watching this livestream right now and you're saying, "What do I do to be saved?
What do I have to do to be saved?
" Well, you came to the right place.
If you feel that inward tug right now, you feel it.
It says no man comes to the Father unless he's drawn by him.
And if you feel that tug right now, that's the Holy Spirit inside of you saying, "Hey, it's time for you.
Don't put off salvation for tomorrow.
You may not have a tomorrow.
The very shoes you put on today, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
You may not have tomorrow.
You may not have another opportunity.
But today is the day of salvation for you.
" I want you to make a choice right now.
Jesus died for you publicly, so I want you to be public about your statement of faith for him.
If you want to accept Jesus Christ right now, today's your opportunity.
Today, right now, as we speak, this is your opportunity for salvation, for your new start.
As you confess, the Bible says if you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
The moment you confess it, it's in the sea of forgetfulness.
He doesn't remember it anymore.
As far as the east is from the west, he's taken your sins from you.
They don't touch.
He'll never remember it again.
Once you confess it, it's over.
"Well, Brandon, that seems too good to be true.
" It's called grace.
You didn't earn it, and you don't deserve it.
He just did it.
He died for you.
He loved you enough.
He suffered and died for every single one of you so that you don't have to go to hell.
Hell was not created for you; it was created for the devil and his demons.
But tonight's your night of salvation.
And I want you, if you want to get saved tonight, I want you to say in the little chat below right here, "Tonight's my night.
I want to get saved.
I give my heart to Jesus today.
" As I hear what's being spoken to me, I feel it inside: "Today's my day.
" And you may say, "Hey, I've already been saved before, but I'm not living it.
I turned my back on Jesus.
I used to be there, but I have fallen away and I'm living in sin.
And I am telling you, Brandon, I don't even know if, for all that I've done, Jesus would ever want me back.
" If you remember the prodigal son, the dad was waiting on him.
He came to his senses.
He spent all his inheritance and did all that he did, and he said, "Man, if I could just go back and be a servant in my father's house.
" But that's what it's like with our Father.
The Father had his robe ready, and he saw him coming from afar, and he said, "Let's kill the fatted calf and let's have a party.
My son's coming home.
" Tonight's your night.
God's waiting on you to come right on home, and he's saying, "Hey, I've got the party.
I've got a robe for you.
I've got it all back for you.
I've been waiting on you.
" The moment you confess your sins tonight is not when the Lord found out about it; it's when you got rid of it.
You may say, "Brandon, I've got all this stuff.
He's not going to be able to forgive me from all this stuff.
" But the moment you confess it is not when the Lord found out about it—he knew you were messing up—it's when you get rid of it.
It's when it got washed in his blood.
So I want you to say in the chat right now, "I want to be saved.
" Who wants to be saved?
Tell us.
If you want to be saved, we're going to say a prayer with you, but I'm going to say it right now.
We're just going to give you a little time.
You can make your choice.
When I count to the number three, I want you to put it in the chat.
Remember, Jesus died for you publicly, and all you got to do is put it in the chat: "I want to be saved tonight.
" One, two, three.
Right now, do you want Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior?
I want you to put in that chat, say, "I need to be saved.
Today's my day.
I want to be saved.
Tonight is my night.
I give my heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Tonight, I want to be saved.
I want to confess my sins.
" Today's your day.
Right now, we're praying for you.
We're believing with you.
It's not a hard thing.
All you have to do is say it out with a heart.
Confession is made unto salvation.
Today's your day now.
We're going to say a prayer with you right now.
We're going to say a prayer with you, and it doesn't have to be all religious.
I'm telling you all, I'm the most unreligious person out there.
I cannot stand religion.
I'm talking about a relationship where Jesus becomes your best friend.
Not all this, you know, "I'm Baptist, I'm Catholic, I'm Episcopalian, I'm Presbyterian...
" No, I'm talking about just being sold out to Jesus tonight.
I'm talking about somebody who says, "I just want a relationship with a God that I can talk to.
I want to know Him personally, not have to be all religious.
" And, you know, having to do all this hermeneutics and all the theological crap.
I'm talking about just being in a relationship with Jesus.
Just being raw.
"I need you, Jesus.
" So, that's what I'm talking about.
All the other stuff is just trash.
Who cares?
I don't want to be around the Pharisees.
I just want to be around Jesus.
So, I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
You say this simple prayer.
Just a five-year-old can say this prayer.
It doesn't have to be hard.
It doesn't have to be all religious.
"Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I'm a sinner, Jesus, and I need a Savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to cleanse me of all of it.
Wash me with your precious blood.
Write my name in that Lamb's Book of Life.
I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I don't want it anymore.
I turn my back on all that I used to do in the past.
Sin was fun for a season, but in the end it's death.
And as of today, from this day forward, I serve you with all my heart.
Make me new.
Help me.
I can't do this on my own.
If I could, I would try, but I need you, Jesus.
Forgive me, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that you have washed me.
Thank you, Lord, that you have forgiven me.
And thank you that today I have a brand new start.
" That's it.
Now, what do you do?
I'll tell you what you do.
You find a Bible, a New King James, whatever you can understand, folks.
We don't be all religious about this.
I'm saying if you don't understand it and you're reading it, then it isn't doing you any good.
The Bible will change you from the inside out.
But you've got to get real with God and you've got to get this Bible down inside of you and it will change you.
It will change you and you'll go from glory to glory.
And that's the only thing that's ever going to change you.
The Bible says you know the truth and the truth will set you free.
But you've got to know this Word and you've got to get it down inside of you for what's coming.
You've got to get it down inside of you and it will change you.
Now, that's what a new baby believer should do.
You should get a Bible and you should read it.
And you should pray every single day.
Have devotions.
Find a devotion.
Pray every day.
Get into a good Bible-believing church.
Usually, I would say a non-denominational church would be a good one.
Go to a non-denominational church that will teach you the Word of God.
Tell that pastor, "I just got born again watching some bald-headed guy on YouTube, and I need to be water-baptized.
I need to be water-baptized.
" Tell them, "I need to get water-baptized.
" And get water-baptized at that church.
Get excited about going to church.
Volunteer.
Get plugged in there.
If they have any classes for you to take about this new life or whatever about being born again, get in there and get plugged in.
What I'm saying, just get there and say, "Listen, you're the first one there and you're the last one to leave.
" They're going, "You've got to go home.
" You're like, "I want to stay.
" That's what I'm talking about.
Get radical about it and get excited about it.
And this Word of God will change you from the inside out.
Come here.
Every time we come, we're going to have these videos.
We do this.
This is our ministry.
We have prayer.
We have a prayer channel.
We tell you what's coming.
The Lord tells us to tell you.
Come and be a part of our prayer group.
And we're excited you got born again today.
Now, you say, "I can't afford a Bible, Brandon.
I just got my bills paid.
It's the beginning of the month and I'm going from paycheck to paycheck.
I don't have enough money to even buy food this week.
" Well, you came to the right place, Diana.
And I want to buy you a Bible.
You just tell them, hun.
Yeah, if you just go to the description, our email is there and then just send an email to us and put in the title, "I can't afford a Bible," and then put your address, and we will send you one from Amazon and we'll never use it to solicit you or for any other reason.
We're not going to send you junk mail or anything else.
It's just simply to get that Bible to you.
And we do have a New King James, King James, Amplified, the New Living Translation, and the NIV.
So, if you have a preference, just let us know when you send that email and we'll get it out to you.
So, yeah.
And he left right now.
He'll be right back.
I'll be back.
All right.
So, let's pray.
You got it.
Maybe get a drink.
So, we're going to take communion together like we always do.
Like I said, I don't ever go into the throne room without taking communion.
This is something I do all the time.
And I want to tell you all, we take communion probably two to three times a day, depending on the day.
I just believe in it.
It's not religious to me.
And if I don't have it, I'll take it with my Sonic drink.
I'll do whatever I can just to be close to Him.
You know, this is just real to me.
Like I said, I don't like religion, but I love the presence of the Lord.
I'm a junkie when it comes to Jesus.
And I say, "Man, if I can just get one more touch.
" That's what we talk about going to certain meetings and we say, "Man, if we can just be involved and get a part because we just want to be a part of where He's at, helping them.
" If I can help you, I'll help you, man.
I'll give you the shirt off my back.
If I feel the anointing and I see that you're changing lives and helping people, you know, that's where we're at.
I don't like fakeness.
And it's like, man, we just need Jesus in these last days.
And that's where He's at is getting the lost saved.
Yes.
Father, we just lift up the body.
And we thank You, Lord, for all that You've done for us.
We thank You, Lord, that You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon You.
And with Your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
And Lord, we lift up this body before You.
And I thank You, Lord, that I'm no longer underneath the curse.
According to Galatians 3, Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
And I thank You, Lord, that I am no longer underneath that curse, and I am healed by Your stripes.
You said that You took all sickness and all disease on You, and nothing shall by any means hurt me.
I thank You according to Psalms 91 and Psalms 23.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that a thousand shall fall at my side and ten thousand at my right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
I thank You, Lord, that every tongue that rises against us, Lord, we condemn it.
We take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well because of what You did on that cross for us in the mighty name of Jesus.
We take the body now, Lord.
We take the blood and we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
I plead the blood over my ears, Father, and over my eyes, Father, that if you want to show me anything tonight, I'm not ensnared by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood of Jesus over my eyes.
I plead the blood of Jesus over my ears.
And I hear your voice, Lord, and the stranger's voice I'll not follow.
And Father, if there's anything you want to show Diana or me both, I cover her in the blood.
I cover my children.
I cover this house.
And I say in the name of Jesus, Satan, thus far and no further, you'll not touch us.
We're seated with you in the heavenlies, Father, far above all principalities and powers and might, we plead the blood of Jesus over this house.
We plead the blood of Jesus over what we're doing here.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us today.
If we confess our sins, you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Now, Father, I thank you for that blood that covers us right now.
And we take this blood that covers us in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Well, Brandon, that's not the way you do it.
Well, that's the way I do it.
And it works.
What works for me is I'm sitting there talking to Jesus face to face.
So I do what I do.
I don't know.
He comes and visits me.
So Father, I thank you, Lord.
It's the truth.
If you all really, I have some visitations, man.
Jesus.
Me and him are friends.
Yeah.
I've got stuff I work through, folks.
But Jesus and I are friends, and he wants to be your friend.
It ain't about how great Braden is.
It's about how good he is.
It's all about grace.
But he'll do the same for you.
He just wants to have a relationship with you.
And it's not about religion.
It's not about being all superficial.
Get real with God and all this stuff.
Well, you know, I got to say it just this way or he's not going to hear me.
I'm talking just being real.
When you get real with God, God's going to get real with you.
He'll become real to you is what I'm trying to say.
When you get real with God, God will become real to you.
Boom.
All this other stuff don't matter.
It's just sitting at his feet with communion and saying, 'Father, here am I, Lord.
I just want to talk to you today.
I need you today.
I'm thirsty.
' And that's why we come to him singing and we praise him, right?
So that's what we're going to do next.
So we say, 'Fill our cup, Lord.
' We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, I lift it up, make me whole.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for your blood.
We thank you, Lord, for just being raw.
It's just being real, stripping us down from our pride and all the things of this earth.
You meet us right there at your throne.
You meet us and I sit there, Lord, I wait on you.
Oh, Father, we thank you.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
Do you have to believe it?
You have to be a believing believer.
He'll meet you at the point of where your faith is at.
Believe him for big tonight.
No matter how big it may seem and so far out there, believe him that all things are possible to him who believes.
Nothing is too big and nothing is too small.
Jesus paid the price for it all.
All you have to do is reach out by simple faith and grab onto it.
Like the woman with the issue of blood, she said, 'If I may touch his hem, I shall be whole.
If I can just touch his hem, I'll be whole.
' Tonight, whatever you're believing for, no matter how far out there it may seem, it may be something you may get a death diagnosis or whatever, reach out there in simple faith and say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the healer.
I believe you're the deliverer.
I believe, Father, that you came to set the captives free.
No matter how big it is, deliverance.
You say, 'Well, I've been strung out on these drugs for so long, or I've been strung out on alcohol or pornography, or whatever it may be, and I don't see an end to this.
' Jesus paid the price for you to be free.
Jesus paid the price for you to be free.
No matter how big it may be in your eyes, it's small to him.
It's already done.
Jesus said, 'It is finished.
' And everything he set out to do, it was finished at the cross.
All you have to do is reach out by faith and receive it and say, 'Jesus, I receive it by faith.
I need you.
I can't do this on my own.
' And he meets you at the point of your need.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
Do you believe him?
Do you believe him tonight?
I believe it because he's from glory to glory, he's changing me, changing me, changing me.
I love that.
I know the words.
I got his likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing, he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies, his likeness and image to perfecting me, the love of God shown to the world.
I got tickled at it because I just believe it.
I was just thinking it's time to believe him.
From glory to glory, he's changing you tonight.
It's time to believe it.
We're believing believers.
So, Father, we just come before you as we worship you tonight, Father, and we thank you, Lord, that Jesus is coming soon.
Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon.
That's what I heard in my spirit.
Yep.
Say, Jesus is coming soon.
Morning or night or noon.
Many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise, righteous meet in the sky, going where no one dies, Heaven we're bound.
You believe it?
He's coming.
And Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon.
Many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise, righteous meet in the sky, going where no one dies, Heaven we're bound.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you.
You're coming soon.
Jesus.
Wonderful Lord Jesus.
Wonderful Jesus.
Jesus, we love you.
Thank you, Lord.
Oh Lord, we lift up our president before you today.
Yo, it's time for the righteous to rise up like a backbone, like a crowbar, taking your dominion and authority like we've never done before.
It's time to soar and come up higher with the fire and another level and another level of my presence and another level of the glory.
I'm singing, 'Go.
' Okay.
I'm seeing individual services.
I'm seeing revivals being held in these services.
Oh, in Florida, all the way across the lands, I see revival services.
And this is interesting.
I saw Billy Burke's face again.
Now I pray for Billy Burke for his meetings, for these meetings to increase in glory, for the meetings to increase in his services, for the glory to increase, and the glory to increase, and the glory to increase.
Now, it doesn't have to be that you pray for Billy Burke, but I'm telling you, I see this man and I'm praying for him.
But you pray for your pastor.
You pray for the people that are over you and pray for an outpouring in your churches.
Pray for an outpouring in your churches, that the volume of the glory would increase.
I mean, now I'm in Minnesota and I see Lynne Hammond and Mac in that church—John Kilpatrick's church, the Church of His Presence.
I see the church.
They're going to...
there's a great revival again.
Oh, He did it once and He'll do it again.
I see John Kilpatrick.
The Gulf Coast will have a major revival again.
Now I'm at ORU again.
I see ORU and I see the Mabee Center, and a great revival is coming to the Mabee Center.
A great revival is coming on Lewis Avenue.
The eagle will fly again.
I see New York and I see Times Square.
A great revival in Times Square.
Glory to God, from sea to shining sea.
This is not just about America, but we're praying for certain churches.
I'm praying for these certain churches, certain leaders.
They need a little bit of a push in the spirit realm, and a fresh fire on them.
People get weary, and they need a fresh drink of the Holy Ghost.
And in this, they get the fresh wine, a fresh outpouring, so that we live long and we finish strong.
It's time to finish this race strong.
They'll get a new wind in their sails.
I see great seeker-friendly churches will become great, on-fire torches.
Now I see these two states highlighted: Tennessee and Kentucky.
Now I see Perry Stone's face before me.
It's the youth there.
And it's not necessarily him; it's the location, it's the people, it's the church.
There's a great revival, and the enemy is trying to derail it.
I see health issues concerning this man, but he'll finish his race.
Be bold.
There is a cleansing.
I see his wife.
I see a fresh pouring of water, a filling up, because the water levels were low.
And the Lord said, "I'm filling up a new stream of living water" in all of that ministry, and not just about him, but his wife.
A lot of the old generals...
I see a fresh wind on John Kilpatrick, a fresh wind on Perry and his wife, and there's youth coming up beside them.
They'll take the baton and they'll run with this.
Do you understand?
The facilities are there for a great revival.
And I see Jentezen Franklin's face now.
I see Jentezen Franklin.
These will be hotspots you'll hear of, for it's been cultivated through prayer.
I see a great revival, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, in these places.
And the only thing that gets in the way of this is the flesh—trying to control it, thinking how it should be.
You see, you think too much.
Let the Holy Ghost flow.
It's not structured.
There's structure in how you do things, but the Holy Spirit is not structured.
I don't know how else to say this when I'm praying in the Holy Ghost over this, and I'm not saying names, but I see people's faces, okay?
This is live, you know.
And I'm not saying anything wrong about this, y'all, but I come back into reality here.
Let Him flow.
Let the Holy Ghost flow.
It's revival, I'm telling you, it's revival beyond.
It's going to be beautiful.
People are going to come to these places by the tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands.
They're hungry.
But it's not just America; it's all around the world.
Hotspots.
The Lord said, "These are hotspots.
" New York, Times Square.
Taste and see that the Lord is good.
You'll see.
Church unusual!
It'll be unlike anything we've ever experienced before.
He's about to do something so different.
It's not the way we've done it in the past, like Pensacola and these other things.
It'll be something so different, but you know how they all talk about the weight of His presence coming down on the services where you can't even move.
That's what I'm talking about: the weightiness of His glory again, the weightiness of His presence again.
Glory to God!
Thank you, Lord.
You're healing Perry's body.
Healing Perry Stone, giving him a second wind.
That's why I keep seeing this.
I see this man's face before me, Perry Stone and his wife.
A second wind, a new fragrance, a new presence, a new revival inside of them, being weary in well-doing because you've gone so far and for so long, and it gets heavy.
But the Lord said He's going to blow on their wings, and I see fresh revelation coming to Perry about the end times, blowing on verses that he's seen time and time again, and there will come new revelation to him about the end times.
We need end-time teachers, and teaching it simple.
Keep it simple.
I see something with his health, and the Lord's giving him a fresh wind in his sails.
The Lord's restoring his body right now, restoring his blood right now.
Healing over his body right now, in the name of Jesus.
I call healing over him, healing over his wife, healing over their bodies right now, from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
I see things with their health turning around, giving him a second wind.
His youth is renewed like the eagles, just like that.
Do you understand?
That's what I'm seeing: a renewing, like the molting of the old feathers—a getting rid of the old stuff, and new coming to him, Perry Stone.
A new revelation, a new fire within his teaching, a blowing off of the old, a new establishment of a general in these end times.
I see this with this man: a fresh, clean start of things where you get tired, and a new wave blowing in his sails, Perry Stone.
But teaching the word and keeping it simple so the babies will catch it—new books, new ideas.
New books, new ideas.
I see, I hear: new books, new ideas.
Now, y'all, I don't call people's names out.
It's not my thing.
But I'm just telling you, as I'm praying—this is live—the way the Lord shows me things, and He'll just start to pray over this man.
Pray over him.
God's not done with him.
Okay, there's more there.
But there's a cleansing.
And I saw his wife standing there, and it's like she had a—like you say, you get a pitcher of water and it was just dumping and cleansing something out of her.
Cleansing, cleansing.
And I saw water being poured into his wife.
And it was pouring into her, and it was filling, because she was empty down here, and it was pouring in fresh, fresh water, fresh stuff on Perry and his wife—fresh revelation, fresh Holy Ghost touch on them.
And I'm telling you, I saw youth coming up beside this man, and they were running with them.
And the facility will be filled with youth and revival, youth and revival.
There's going to be healings and demonstrations and manifestations in this church.
I don't even know if he has a church.
Does he have a church?
I don't know, y'all, but I see a facility and I see a major revival.
You don't have to look it up, son.
It's fine.
I'm just telling you what I see.
And then I saw Jentezen Franklin, this man coming up beside him.
And I saw Jentezen Franklin, and I see revival all in this church—a fresh revival, a major revival in Jentezen Franklin's.
And then what's interesting is John Kilpatrick was on the outside of this, and John Kilpatrick was over here, and I see revival, another—like another—but this will not be like...
you can't compare it with Pensacola.
A new thing will take place: a new, fresh presence on the Church of His Presence, a new, fresh presence on the church of a great revival.
And these are older generals.
Do you understand?
These older men that have been in this—these are people that are established in the Word, and they're needed greatly in these end times.
These are elder generals, and the Lord said, 'This is why you're seeing these men.
Pray for them.
They need a fresh wind.
' Do you understand?
The young people need...
we need the elder people to help us.
It's not...
you're not a rogue.
You can't be all weird about this.
This is going to be a beautiful revival, but there are people that have been there and done that.
Do you understand?
And God's going to...
they need some new firepower.
They need a fresh touch, a new drink, because you just get weary in well-doing.
The battle's been hard all these years.
And the Lord said, 'I'm pouring out a new thing on them.
I'm going to give them a new, fresh touch, and they'll live long and finish strong in this.
' And there are certain things coming with their health.
I'm renewing their youth like the eagles.
I'm renewing them.
And it will be like Moses whenever he was renewed by the glory: his eyes didn't grow dim.
And this is the same thing with Billy—Billy Burke, these Billye Brims, the Billies.
You watch.
I'm going to renew a fountain of youth within them.
But it's the glory sustaining them.
It's the glory on their cells.
The glory, the glory, oh, the glory—the weight of His glory, the weight of His glory.
Oh, and you'll have young people run up beside you to help you.
You understand?
Lifting the arms.
And I see youth taking over the services and helping, but they're there—it's like they're the wisdom behind it.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
You've got the elders and the wisdom, and you've got the young people with the young legs running.
But you've got the balance.
There's no—it's not flakiness.
You don't get all flaky with this, you know.
God's got a balance of things.
It's like letting the Holy Spirit flow and not controlling it, but being a balance, bringing the stability of the Word, because they know the Word, right?
So you don't get off in La-La Land.
It always comes back to the Bible.
The Lord always told me, 'It always comes back to the Word of God.
If it goes against the Word of God, you run from it.
' You keep on the Bible.
Don't get flaky.
This is what keeps your foundation.
That's what I'm hearing the Lord say right then.
That's why He's showing me pillars.
These are hotspots.
You hear me?
These are hotspots for glory, spots for where the revival will be.
Praise God.
You say, 'Well, what about my church?
' I don't know.
I don't know about your church.
This is just what the Lord shows me today.
And then Minnesota, Mac and Lynn, I see this church, and the Lord said, 'I'll do something there.
It's more prayer, more prayer, more prayer.
' And I see it, and I'm telling you all, even in Branson, —the prayer conferences and the things happening with the youth—and I'm telling you all, I'm telling you there's a major move of God coming with the youth in schools, and in colleges, high schools, football stadiums.
I'm talking, instead of sporting events, there'll be glory events.
The glorious church will rise, and He's going to pour out His Spirit upon the youth like you wouldn't believe.
It's going to be beautiful.
But you've got to have these elders to keep it all in balance so you know...
because the youth, they're young, you've got to have some foundation so they get guidance.
Yes.
Guidance.
Guidance—that's a good word to say it.
Does that make sense to y'all, what I'm saying?
Hallelujah.
That's what I'm saying.
We've got to have these pillars, elder pillars, to help, because this youth revival—I'm seeing it right now, a major youth revival—but the elders help.
Yes.
Glory to God.
And God's going to renew their youth like the eagles.
And this prayer time's a little different, folks, but I'm telling you, it was on my heart about the revival, and about what's fixing to take place.
And this goes along with what's been on my heart.
And He keeps calling forth to wake up the church with fresh revelation and demonstrations of the glory.
Hallelujah.
I thank God that I can be a part of it.
I may not be young, but I'm not old yet.
I'm just right in the middle.
I'm just like, 'Oh, God, use me, too.
' You know, I'll help.
I'll pour water.
I'll do whatever I can do to be a part of it.
I'll help, I'll bring, I'll catch for the elders, I'll do whatever I got to do.
I'm like, 'Come on, let's do it.
Let's do this together.
' But I see a major move of God, ladies and gentlemen, from sea to shining sea, and the Lord is going to do it one more time.
One more time.
My heart is hungry for it.
The Lord said, 'Now, you're going to change direction.
' He just spoke to me.
He said, 'Okay, now, you can't camp there.
I've got to have you pray for Trump in this meeting coming on Friday.
' How long have we been going on this, son?
I don't even know.
An hour and 44 minutes.
I'm sorry.
An hour and 45 minutes.
Okay.
Well, are y'all okay to pray some more?
I feel we've still got work to do, so I know it's getting later, but it's only...
well, I started this thing early, didn't I?
It's only early here in Central, so that's not late.
We've got plenty of time to pray.
So, we're going to pray.
All right.
And if you don't want to, you can go.
So, Father, I just lift up President Trump and this meeting.
I pray a hedge of protection around him, that no evil will come nigh him.
I thank You for that.
Every plot, every plan of witchcraft around him, Father, it falls to the ground in the name of Jesus.
We undergird our president in the name of Jesus, that he is able to do what he is called to do and do it with great victory in the name of Jesus, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We plead the blood all around him in the name of Jesus.
As he goes forth and does his plans for what you've called him to do, Father, I thank you, Lord, that as he speaks, he speaks with boldness.
He speaks with accuracy, and he speaks with a presence on him.
A weight of the glory follows him.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he will finish the task at hand without this Jezebel woman that I see.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
There will be no adultery.
There'll be no scandals in the White House.
We thank you, Lord, that it will be a no.
Like he'll run like Joseph.
No, we'll not have this.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're his front guard and his rear guard and all around him.
We thank you, Lord, that there will be no scandals from sexual things like Monica Lewinsky's.
No Lewinskys.
Do you understand?
You need to pray over this.
No Lewinskys.
We put a bloodline around him, and a thousand shall fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh him in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for divine wisdom like Solomon.
Father, that when he goes to Anchorage, he has supernatural wisdom on how to do this.
I call a defusing of war.
Father, you told me where it's rice-paper thin for a major war to break out.
You said, 'Handle the bear with care.
Don't strongarm him.
' Wisdom on how to crack the whip.
Remember, I saw Trump cracking the whip.
And as he cracked the whip on the stand, he cracked the whip towards the bear.
He cracked the whip towards the dragon, and they bowed down for a season.
And then there was a great favor that came as a Jonathan and a David and a three-stranded cord.
It was wound, and I saw great financial blessing coming out of Israel.
Wealth in the Gaza with the oil.
Billions and billions of barrels of oil.
Millions, billions of dollars of oil in the Mediterranean outside the Gaza, and it's not this meeting that's the problem I see.
Do you see?
Watch Europe.
Watch Europe today.
Puppet masters in the background.
I see him again.
I see the puppet masters in the background.
It's concerning Zelensky today.
I see it.
The puppet master is telling him what to do today.
He's holding his cards close to him today.
Is Putin in this meeting?
He's holding his cards.
I see him in the meeting, and he's holding his cards close to him.
He doesn't trust anyone, and he doesn't trust what's being said.
It's a game.
You understand?
This is a game.
'Play the game.
' I hear, 'Play the game.
Buy time.
' They want the whole thing.
'I'm buying time.
I just have to outlast you.
' Okay.
Now I see the weasel again.
I see him.
And if anybody knows, I always try to be careful; it is Macron.
He is the Ishmael.
Okay, I see Mark.
I see Mark and Macron.
They're both weasels.
One is underneath.
Yes, sir.
And then he's Pinocchio again.
Zelensky is a Pinocchio again.
Okay.
So in the days ahead, you see a Pinocchio even more, and Pinocchio lied a lot.
Remember, a lot of lying.
A lot of lying coming there.
He's a marionette.
He's a puppet to these others.
But this deep state darkness is behind this.
So, I see this man up front, and I see France here, but there's something behind him.
Germany's to the side.
And I see a woman that I think is Italy.
She's a white woman.
I see her very clearly.
This woman looks like she has wavy hair.
It's not curls, but it looks like wavy hair.
It doesn't matter.
That's what the Lord just said.
He said it doesn't matter.
Okay.
Now, he said, 'Press into it, Brandon.
' Today, an uncovering.
This is not going anywhere.
Do you understand?
Waste of time.
Oh, no.
I hear an old Russian choir.
I see Kim in the background.
I see a strengthening of an alliance, Kim, even more so than what it is right now.
You hear me?
With him and him.
Iran's just trying to pick up the pieces right now.
I see Iran, and there's trouble within Iran.
It looks like a crumbling within.
I see old buildings still from the war with Israel, and I see a crumbling in there, and they're trying to pick up the pieces, or they would be really involved in this.
You understand?
But there's a crumbling of buildings and structures.
Buying time.
Strengthening, trying to build up the military infrastructure.
You hear me?
It's like you extended this out here, and you're trying to fund this, but yet you're building the reserves over here.
I see reserves for a greater plan.
You need to hear me.
Something much bigger is in the shadows.
And even the dragon is behind this in the shadows.
Oh, Lord.
It's almost like you want to play.
You're playing poker.
You're playing cards.
'You call my bluff.
' Y'all hear what I'm saying?
' It's like you're going to move things, and you're going to try to do things in this poker game on Friday.
You hold your cards close, and you're playing 'Call My Bluff.
' That's what the Lord says.
'You call my bluff.
' It's just a card game.
But yet, you have these key characters over here that are wanting this to escalate even more because it's a war machine that funds things.
The economies are in trouble.
I see Canada's economy in trouble.
How they handle Israel in the days ahead, going into September, is a time to remember.
You're going to see a shaking.
I see British Columbia shaking.
How do you handle the Lord's people?
How do you handle it?
You try to divide the land, a two-state solution, voting this way.
Shaking.
Remember this: it's a line in the sand between the sheep and the goats.
It's coming.
Who will stand on this side and who won't?
This is what the Lord is looking at.
And the ones who won't...
shaking.
It's because of where we are in time.
Hallelujah.
Jesus is coming.
The Lord said, 'There's more here.
' I drew back, y'all.
I push and I look, and I get tired and take a little break.
But looking at it, there's a lot of poker going on.
A lot of lying.
A lot of nose-growing.
A lot of Pinocchio.
Zelensky is a fibber, a lot of Pinocchio playing people.
He's a puppet.
Glory to God.
Father, I thank you that President Trump has discernment to see through all of it.
Father, he's able to see at the card table, and he's able to see who's bluffing and who's not.
He's able to see through the cards.
That's what I heard to say.
You hear me?
Let's pray that he's able to see through the cards and know how to handle this.
Remember, I saw Trump looking over his shoulder because they didn't want him involved in this in the days ahead.
He was standing in the Oval Office, and they were trying to escalate the war.
They were trying to poke the bear, trying to provoke the bear, and the bear was biting back.
And then Trump was kicked out of the circle, and he was up there, and he was trying to do things, but Mark Carney and Macron and the others had their plan.
Trump had his plan, and he's the 800-pound gorilla in the room, and he was looking over his shoulder looking at them.
But he was playing hard to get, like, "I'm going to do my thing.
" This is what I'm telling y'all is coming, and he had his cards in his hand.
Putin had his cards in.
Putin was dark.
Putin was dark, and I saw Kim in the background, in the shadows.
Kim—all I know is I don't want a major war.
I do not want a major war.
And we say we defuse this in the name of Jesus.
We defuse this in the name of Jesus.
And thank you, Father.
I thank you, Father, that our sons and daughters will not fight in this.
There will not be a major uprising in this.
Father, we plead the blood over our nations.
We thank you, Lord, that there is a defusing of war in the name of Jesus.
And it will not happen on our soil in New York.
When I just instantaneously said that, I saw New York again.
I saw the buildings on fire.
I saw an uprising in New York.
I see that again.
And Lord, remember David Wilkerson, civil unrest there.
Remember we saw a church for revival there in Times Square, and then I see civil unrest.
These people are going to get saved.
Oh my goodness, so much is going on.
Thank you, Father.
Glory to God.
We call a defusing of war.
And it will not happen on our shore.
It will not happen.
We will not have this.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
There's a great revival.
There's a great shaking to awaken.
I'm telling you all, there's a great shaking to awaken.
Oh, Father, I thank you.
Oh, glory to God.
Hallelujah.
We thank you, Lord, that you're defusing it.
We defuse it in the name of Jesus.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Father.
Exposing the cards.
I thank you, Lord.
Let all hidden things be revealed, even in his sleep.
Father, you speak to Trump in his sleep.
You speak to Trump.
And I'm not saying yet—he may not know what he's seeing.
Bring up godly people around him that they would be able to hear and help him.
Help him.
Father, we pray for protection over him.
No attempts on his life, on his children, on his sons, or his daughters.
Father, we thank you, Lord, over his grandchildren.
We thank you, Lord, for the vice president.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for J.
D.
Vance.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for his kids and over his family.
We pray over our Congress, that we'll have a major revival in our Senate, in our House.
A major revival, a changing of things.
A major revival.
That's the woman I saw, son.
That woman right there is who I saw in France.
That's a woman.
You see her?
She was in the background.
That woman right there.
Yeah, Italy, Italy, that's her.
Yep, her hair is wavy.
See, it's not that—it's it.
Yep.
Thank you, Lord.
Father, we pray over this woman.
We thank you, Lord, that she is this—I'm not going to call her not good.
She's a part of it.
They're all a part of it.
The euro's in trouble in the long run.
Thank you, Father.
We pray for Brazil.
Father, we pray for South America.
We pray for a major revival in Brazil tonight before we end.
We thank you, Lord.
All over the Latin American community, we call for a major revival, Father.
And South America is what I'm trying to say.
South America, we call forth revival in South America in the name of Jesus.
From sea to shining sea all the way around, we call revival over the Latino community in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that you're bringing forth a mighty rushing wind, a Holy Ghost and fire over them in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there will be fire on the altars, fire in the pews, fire on the buildings in the name of Jesus.
From glory to glory to glory, we call forth revival, we call forth revival over these areas in the name of Jesus.
We call for a stirring in the Latino community.
In the name of Jesus, we call it over Asia, all over Asia.
Lord, we speak revival in the name of Jesus, all over South Korea, and over Japan, and over China, and over Vietnam, and over Taiwan.
We call revival in the name of Jesus.
We speak for revival in the name of Jesus.
The iron curtain will come down in the name of Jesus.
We call the window and a breaking of the iron curtain, and a major move, and a window.
May the Spirit of God be upon all these people, Father, bringing them in.
One last call for a major harvest of souls in the name of Jesus.
Father, for you said the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
We call forth the laborers in Asia.
We call forth the laborers in all of South America.
We call forth the laborers in Africa and in Europe and the Middle East.
We call forth the laborers in the name of Jesus, that people would have a backbone like a crowbar and be strong in what they believe, and not shy down, and say, 'Father, we're taking this land for Jesus.
We'll take this land for Jesus.
' One more time.
We thank you, Lord.
All throughout Australia, we call revival, and over South America, all the way down to the Arctic.
We need revival over Greenland, over Iceland, over all these areas.
Revival in Jesus' name, an awakening unto God.
One more push.
We thank you, Father, as every nation is represented here tonight.
We say revival again in Jesus' name, like it was with Reinhard Bonnke when the fields were full of people.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's healing and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory like we've never seen before.
It'd be like it was in Azusa Street, Father, when the glory cloud filled up the whole place, and the fire pillar was there and people saw it, and it shook them.
I saw city blocks full of people just lying out in the Holy Ghost with nobody touching them, and they said they can't figure it out.
Casinos in Las Vegas, Nevada, where the glory of the Lord will show up and people are crawling, trying to get out of the casino, and they don't know what's going on with them, and the glory is there and people lead them to Jesus.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you.
You do it again, Lord.
You did it once, Lord; do it again, Lord.
We call forth one more time.
One more time.
Visit America.
One more time, Lord.
Do it again, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
We give you praise and glory, honor for it in the name of Jesus.
Even visit Hawaii.
We call great revival in Hawaii, Lord, on every island, all over Hawaii.
All over Alaska.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Do you all believe it?
Do y'all believe it?
It's time.
Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord.
Are they excited about it?
Visit Canada, Lord.
Canada needs a major move of God.
Thank you, Lord.
Ontario, over all of British Columbia, all of it, all of it.
They need a major move of God in Canada.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you've not forgotten Canada.
They may have a leader that is not too smart, but Father, I thank you, Lord, that you can bypass leaders.
You bypassed Pharaoh, Lord, and look what you did with Pharaoh: you humbled him.
And Lord, you'll do it again.
Thank you, Lord.
Kim Jong-un, you're going to bring him to his knees, and you shake North Korea in the name of Jesus.
And there will be a major revival in North Korea.
Lord, it's one of the places we need it most, North Korea.
A major revival in North Korea, Father.
The Iron Curtain will come down, Father, in China, in these areas of oppression.
A great move of the Spirit of God like we've never seen before.
Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
Well, I'm glad they all showed up today.
We had quite a few pray with us today—5,500.
Was there anything they wanted to pray about?
I mean, because that's what was on my heart to pray for: pray for revival, pray for protection over our president, pray over this war, and then pray over these churches.
That's what the Lord really had.
Yeah, they're putting their countries in there.
Dominican Republic—major revival.
Mexico, Cuba, Canada.
Oh yes, Cuba, Father.
That's the one that the Lord kept showing me about over and over all the time.
Watch Cuba.
India, Puerto Rico, Australia.
Thank you, Father.
Toronto, Las Vegas, India.
A lot of them—they're from everywhere.
Everybody's here.
Isn't that amazing?
We're all praying together.
We're getting a lot done all around the world all at the same time.
Five thousand of you.
We're all praying.
We're making headway.
We're like one of those icebreakers.
You know, when you see those icebreakers in the Arctic and they're going through there and they're just crushing all the ice out of the way.
That's what we're doing with our prayers tonight.
We're just making a way, just crushing that ice up, making a way, going.
We're all united, just making that ice split tonight.
Praise God.
Glory to God.
I'm excited.
I have such an anticipation for the fall.
I have such an anticipation going out of September, coming into these months, and going into the first of the year, just praying over this.
I'm expecting this major shift to take place.
Saying, "Yes, Lord, here we are.
" Excited about, you know—that's the first time I've ever seen Perry Stone and Jentezen Franklin praying over these churches again.
And I don't know if there's any of you all that go to those churches, but I'm excited because the Lord's showing me major revival with your youth there and these churches, and there will be a major move of God in these churches.
I watched John Kilpatrick.
I love John Kilpatrick.
Remember when I told you all, the Lord said—I was in prayer and the Lord showed me John Kilpatrick, and He said to me, He said, "He'll be a major pillar in the end times, a major voice crying in the wilderness telling that Jesus is coming, John Kilpatrick.
" He said, "If you want sound doctrine, listen to him.
" That's what the Lord was showing me.
He said, "If you want sound doctrine, what's going on in these last days, listen to John Kilpatrick.
" And so, I still believe that stands.
That's what the Lord showed me.
That's why I pray over these men, that they are covered, because God still has a plan.
And yeah, they're getting up in age there.
I don't know how old these men are, but the Lord told me it doesn't matter.
It's all hands on deck right now.
And He's blowing a new, fresh fire on their bodies.
I saw the glory, even with Billy Burke, keeping a fresh glory on these men so that they don't get—everybody gets tired, we're flesh, but He's going to renew our youth like the eagles, just like He did with Moses.
And the next thing you know, their eyes don't even grow dim.
You know, you're walking around and you're getting all this stuff done, and it's like Moses—he didn't look old, I'm sure he was fresh.
The glory keeps you fresh.
The more you're in the glory, stay on the vine.
Yes, stay on the vine.
You want to keep on being refreshed.
So, praise God.
I'm excited.
I'm just anticipating.
Let's go.
Thank you for joining me tonight.
I really do appreciate it.
God bless you all.
I really don't have anything else.
I felt a lift off of the prayer time.
I hope I did enough praying on it.
I tell you what I'm seeing when I'm live, but it's like praying into the Lord.
So, don't just tell them what you're seeing, pray into it.
When you were talking, we were praying.
I'm sure they were all praying, too.
Well, you know, but I want to make sure because I'm seeing it and I'm praying into it, and I'm like, "Okay.
" You know, being on live is a lot different because I pray with my family all the time and they know what I'm doing, but it's like I'm trying to do this with so many people.
Wonderful.
Yeah.
Very good.
Well, thanks, baby.
I appreciate it.
Asbury, yeah, Asbury.
But I'm telling you—oh, that's what I saw about ORU.
Okay.
So, when I saw ORU tonight, I saw the Mabee Center when I was looking over, because there's more detail about these visions that I'm seeing.
And so, I saw ORU and I saw an eagle come up out of the center and start circling the Mabee Center with an eagle of fire circling all the area, a massive eagle.
Wow.
Yeah, that's kind of cool, huh?
And I know they're known as the Eagles, right?
Yeah.
So, it was cool because this eagle came up out of the Mabee Center there, that convention center there, and it shot up with the revival, but it started circling the area.
And I'm like, "That was kind of cool.
That was neat to watch that.
" But I'm telling you, it's time to believe God.
I'm telling you, ORU is about to have a major revival at that school.
We've been praying over it.
Oh yes, we have been driving over there all the time praying over it.
Yes, we have.
We drench ORU in prayer.
Yes, we do, because I know what the Lord has said.
He said, "Pray over this area.
They need help.
" And I said, "And then whenever they graduate, they're going to take that wherever they go.
" Yeah.
So, if you've got your sons and daughters going to school there, believe God with us.
We're believing God for a revival there.
It'll be bigger than Asbury.
And it will spread because I saw high schools, grade schools, and even, I'm talking like elementary schools, with the glory coming on them, on your little kids, on your sons and your daughters.
You're going to see a great revival on these youth.
And He kept telling me, He goes, "Bren, I'm going to visit the youth.
" I was out, and like I said, I was working in my flower bed, and He said, "I'm going to visit the youth.
" He kept talking to me this whole week, the theme.
Well, today's just Tuesday.
Yeah, I'm talking about the week in the past.
Our weeks go together.
But I'm saying this whole timeframe of the last several days since I made videos, the whole theme of what we've been praying over in my household has been praying over the revival, praying over Living Word with Lynne Hammond's church and Mac, and praying over this and praying over these churches.
Major revival.
It's time.
So, it's exciting.
And so, I hope you all are excited.
I just want you all to get excited.
He's talking about—and the other part was about the finances.
That was the beginning of the video.
If you're just coming and if you're just starting to watch right now, you missed the very front of it.
And that was what the Lord was really dealing with us on all day, talking about offerings in the heart and stuff.
It was beautiful.
I loved what the Lord said about that at the beginning.
So, absolutely beautiful.
Do they have anything?
If not, I'm going to go.
It's 8 o'clock.
I didn't keep you too late.
It's pretty cool because I started so early today, and usually I don't start these until about—after all the things we have done, but the Lord said do it early.
So, I came home and I got it done as quickly as possible to be able to start this livestream earlier today.
Yeah, it's going fast.
But they're praying just for healings and health, and I saw about somebody's dog.
And yeah, we saw—did you hear that testimony about the dog?
That dog when we prayed.
There's so many people that are emailing Diana, and they say, "When you were praying and you were seeing over in the spirit, you called out my miracle and I've been healed.
" Eyes have been being healed on this broadcast, and dogs coming home.
It's amazing.
And long-lost children calling, being healed by the power of God.
People getting their ears healed, and on and on and on.
Yeah, veins and varicose veins got healed.
Yeah, we saw that, and I think kidneys or something.
Kidneys—somebody's kidneys got healed.
People are talking about it.
But what's cool is it's other countries.
It's not like, "Well, these are all Americans getting this.
" I'm talking about people in India that are believing God for stuff and they're emailing, saying, "I live in India and I'm getting healed.
" South Africa, South Africa—cool thing, like way over, a long ways from us.
And you look at that.
Look what Jesus...
there's no distance in prayer.
Look at, we're a family.
We come on here and pray, and it's like the glory comes through the camera and, boom, breaks the yokes.
I just look at that.
Lord, look what you did.
It's amazing what he does.
He's a big God, and he's wanting to move in our lives if we just believe him for it.
So, all right.
Well, I don't want to bore y'all.
We can sit here and talk about whatever, but I don't want to waste your time.
I'm sure you might want to watch The Price Is Right.
Oh, I do what I say.
It was...
yeah, good.
Not...
what is it?
Not Wheel of Fortune.
That's what Grandma...
Wheel of Fortune here in America.
Grandma always watched Wheel of Fortune.
Bing, bing, bing.
Well, God bless you all.
We love you.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
Remember, as we close, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.